Like Robert Collier said:
	"Success is the sum of all small efforts,repeated day in and day out."

## Today I learned:
	1. A progress indication is there to say the user where he is. That means that he knows where he is and how much is left. This is often used in 					forms, registrations and setup progresses.
		2. Practices for this are:
						a. The first consideration is to keep it simple. You don't want the user to be overwhelmed.
						b. The second consideration is to make the indication easy to find. Because if the user can't find it hehe won't use it.
						c. The last consideration is that you have clear sections, headings, steps or procentage.

	3. A shopping cart button makes an important difference in e-commerce. If your's is bad you have lost sales. But how do you make it good?
		4. It should always be visible, users should be able to click on it to see extra information and you should show how many items the user has in his cart.
		5. You should have the option to easily improve the quantity so the user can always add more. You can do this through a input field or/and +/- buttons
		6. You also should give a remove button to each item in the cart.
		7. The shopping cart should be easy to discover and have a symbol that is understandable to everyone.
		8. The user should always be able to see the full price in his cart.
		9. Finally you should have a CallToAction button that is clear and is for checkout. This should be the most prominent button in the cart. You can't want too many buttons.
