Like Joel Osteen said:
  "It is better to be lonely than allow people who are not going anywhere keep you from your destiny."

For today I have about 45min. I'll try ANC headphones.(of cource without music!)

## Today I learned:
  1. Today we are going to talk about functional pseudoclasses. They aren't as simple as normal pseudoclasses wich are based on the stages but they are based on more complex conditions or realationships. (That means today is going to be hard haha)
  2. Examples for them are:   :is()
                              :where()
                              :has()
                              :not()
  3. with the :is() psc you can selected elements that share some but not all characteristics. So for example buttons, links and inputs that you want to style same would be like this:   :is(button, a.button, input[type='blabla'])
  4. :where() is similar to :is() but don't increases the specificy of your selector. That means that you can apply styles without affecting the specificy of other rules. An example would be :where(h1, h2, h3) so you could easily override this with an element with higher specificy.
  5. :has() this allows you to only style parent elements based on the childs. For example div:has(h2) would only style the divs that have an h2
  6. :not() styles everything that isn't for example in a class if you make this element:not(.class) that styles the elements that aren't in the class of the element so for example h2.

     Till here I had used 18min.

  7. What Are Pseudo-elements, and How Do They Work? (what we are going to do now)
  8. pseudo means not real. So pseudo elements are virtual elements.
  9. You attach a pseudo element like this: selector::pseudo-element    - a selector can be any type of selector. Maybe a class or ID
  10. ::before and ::after as the names tell before allows you to insert content before the elements content while after allows you to do it after element's content.
  11. The content property allows you to add the content. But you can't only add it but also style it.
  12. You can also do .element:hover::after
  13. ::first-letter also exists. It allows you to style, as the name sais, the first letter of a selector.
  14. ::marker allows you to style for example the middle dot before a li or if you change the dot numbers or emojis.
  15. There are also other pseudo elements like ::placeholder, ::spelling-error and ::selection that I'll maybe explore my own.
