Haha! Nearly day 150!  I'm happy! My original plan was 2k days now I'm thinking about 1,5 or 1,6k days and that means: 1/10 aquired or added haha.
Today I watched 60 vlogs of Casey Neistat. In the right row. That was very hard and stole my energy.
I want to wake up tomorrow at like 7:45 or a bit later so I have to go to bed soon. Today now programming just a bit philosophy of Casey:

To find out, what you truelly want you have to do something that you hate. To this I want to explain: Because if you hate what you do you will propabilly be here imagining what you could do. That is what you want.
If you don't know what to do in future just stay active and have things to do. Don't stay at the same place and drown in comfort.
In life there are 2 ways. The safe way is the normal way as everyone goes(average). The unsafe way is the way that makes you extrordinary (and sucessfull); for this I once said: If you would do what everyone else does you would end like them.
The line before this also showed how to give zero f*cks about what people think. If you take the 2 path.
The most dangerous thing in life is to stay safe.
You may learn from sucess. But lifelong lessons are learned through failure.
You shouldn't hear to bullies. If you take Casey's example: Everyone who bullied him in school for his look is unsicessfull now.
But Goggins said: Sometimes Bullies say the truth. If it is the truth look in the mirror accept it change it and come back and smile at your bullies as the best version.
Gear is irrelevant. Just go tell a story. If you make it great the people will forgive you.
You can be thankfull about everything in live because in the end it will work out for you.
Even if everything tells you to not take the risk take it if you think it is right. Without discomfort you cant reach new borders.
The easy way leads never to anything that is worth of pursuing.
Casey is pretty good in philosophy.

I did this yesterday at nearly 0:30a.m. but forgot to commit.


