Like Colin Powell said:
  "There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure."

## Today I learned:
  1. Tree pseudoclasses of html (for css) are for example these:  :root
                                                                  :empty
                                                                  :nth-child(n)
                                                                  :nth-last-child(n)
                                                                  :first-child
                                                                  :last-child
                                                                  :only-child
                                                                  :nth-of-type
                                                                  :first-of-type
                                                                  :last-of-type
                                                                  :only-of-type
  2. The root pseudoclass is the html root (usually). It allows you to put a style for the whole document because it helps you to target at the highest level.
  3. From here on a pseudoclass/es = psc okay? :empty psc is for elements with no childs. like for example <li></li> has ooch child but <li>CHILD</li> has. But the most practical thing with empty elements is to not display the at all (display: none;)
  4. :nth-child(n) and :nth-last-child(n) are elements where you can put odd, even or numbers for (n) inside. :nth-last-child(n) goes from the last child or counts from it while nth-child(n) the oposite does.
  5. :first-child, :last-child, and :only-child I think the first both should be understandable. But what is the last one? The :only-child pcs for example if you have 2 div's and one has only 1 child the other more you would select the one with only one. div:only-child
  6. :first-of-type and :last-of-type should also be easy. The name says it all. If you set p:first / last-of-type it will be the first or last p.
  7. :nth-of-type(n) allows you to select a specific element within the parent based on position.
  8. The last but not least... :only-of-type selects an element if its the only type of element in the parent.

     So only for information so this took me exactly 32min till he| yeah. Till there.
